Add a WASI design principles document. (#192)
WebAssembly/WASI: docs/DesignPrinciples.md

compatibility and support existing applications. There's a lot more work
that can be done, and a lot more we can do to improve compatibility and
user convenience. We're continuing to make progress -- and users are
encouraged to [file bugs](https://github.com/WebAssembly/WASI/issues)
when they find things that don't work or are awkward. This approach
supports existing applications, while also supporting applications and
libraries willing to opt in to enable stronger and more fine-grained
security properties than are possible in regular POSIX.

For example, a typical POSIX-style API might include a function that
accepts a file name to open. That requires the implementation to
have a filesystem view, and to have appropriate permissions within
that filesystem view. WASI APIs typically prefer to instead have a
function which accepts a handle for an already-open file. That way, the
implementation doesn't need a filesystem view, or permissions within
the filesystem. It doesn't even need to care whether there even is a
filesystem. When needed, compatibility with POSIX-style APIs is then
provided as a thin layer on top implementing a simple name-to-handle
mapping.

> We recognize that this approach has tradeoffs. It often does take more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recognize that this approach has trade-offs. It often does take more
```
:octopus:
